Notes:

background moves + has random (? check) stars twinkling
--> two layers. 'top' layer moving quickly, and 'bottom' layer moving slowly
--> stars seem fixed, and just twinkle in and out. not sure if 
	like a gif or randomized in code.
--> stars are multicoloured

enemies:
'moth'/'red minion bugs': swoops? bullets
'wasp'/'yellow minion bugs': swoops, bullets
'bat'/'galagan commander': moves down & uses tractor beam. two hits to kill
Thats it.
#Need to figure out how timing of swoops & shots are decided,
#as well as pathing. Appearenly, the moths patrol with the bats,
#--> when the bats go to patrol, they bring 2 (if available) moths with them
#--> not always. (bat whent to steal, but did not bring moths)
#but the wasps don't patrol a lot
--> so far: single line of bats on top,
	Two lines of moths, and two lines of wasps
	four bats, moths 8 wide, wasps 10 wide
	so 4 bats, 16 moths, 20 wasps

pathing:
Moths wiggle back and forth ~4? times. Quickening as they near the bottom of the screen
Wasps Swoop below the player, and hook upwards
Bats loop-de-loop once around the bottom of the 'pack', and then curve subtly (towards the player?) until the bottom of the screen. Moths patrolling with also loop-de-loop.
Bats do not loop-de-loop when they go to steal. After a steal attempt, bats move directly downwards off the screen
when going to steal, bats (seem to) curve out of their spot, and move directly to where they want to steal. During a stealing, bats are upside-down from their normal position (draw them 'hanging from the ceiling' then)

When there are lots of bugs left, wasps (moths too? confirm this) will move upwards to return to their spot (maybe if there is another wasp next to their spot? Not ideal, but I'll go with that.)
	
When bugs move off screan

projectiles:
player's are brown with blue tip pointing up (arrow)
enemies' are white with red tip pointing down (arrow)

Goals for now:
basic gameboard Sure...?
player movement CHECK
full cast in position CHECK
being able to shoot + destroy enemies

later:
enemies swooping in* THIS IS FUCKING HARD YO CHECK
enemies patroling DIFFICULT ALSO
enemies breaking ranks
enemies shooting 
gameboard switching from small to big NAH
gameboard switching from big to small NAH
getting points for kills CHECK
--> points start with 00 (Maybe not)
likely not possible to have anything but 00 in that spot. Make it a permanent 00 (no?)
advancing stages
level banner update on advancing stages (Just num for now unless you feel fancy)
progressive difficulty for stages*
player having lives CHECK
player losing lives CHECK
player gaining lives CHECK
background layers (2-3) CHECK
bat stealing player
bonus bugs (all varieties)*

#*expand these
art:
player CHECK
playercap
moth1 #out flap CHECK
moth2 #in flap
wasp1 CHECK
wasp2
bat1 CHECK
bat2
batdamaged1 CHECK
batdamaged2
bulletgood CHECK
bulletbad
greenbonusbug
scorpion
explosion1
explosion2
explosion3
explosion4
explosion5
lvlb1 (level banner)
lvlb5
lvlb10
lvlb20
lvlb30
lvlb50